Data Description:
The data was first loaded into a Pandas dataframe in order to make cleaning and manipulation easier. Duplicates were first removed for
good practice. Then, I examined which columns were not necessary. The second description column was dropped because it is a duplicate
of the first. Every thumbnail related column was deleted aside from columns containing image URLs. The size, width, and height columns
were all transitively related to each other and the image URL. I noticed that each thumbnail URL only differed at the last word. I considered
keeping only one thumbnail_url column and adding the desired size into the URL programatically. However, I decided against this as I could
not be sure that this URL structure will remain consistent. The 'published' column was also deleted as there was no variation in the data.

Leading and trailing whitespace was deleted as a cleaning measure. Newline characters that were between text remain.

Articles and videos were split into two tables since each had differing related information. For example, articles have authors while
videos have duration. Keeping each content type together would have created many empty cells in the table. Aditionally, once the content
was split into two tables, the column 'content_type' was deleted since it is redudant.

Lastly, I created new tables to manage tags and authors. Not every article has two authors no every piece of content has three tags.
Two tables were created to track authors. A table containing each author_id and the corresponding author's name. The name column does not
contain atomical values since the column contains full names. The second author table maps content_id to author_id, as well as contains a
column that represents if the author is a the primary or secondary author. To manage tags, I used the toxi schema. The schema is similar to how I handled authors since there is a table containing every possible
tag and each tag_id and a table that stores every relationship between content and tags.
